adding setTimeout term (#2230)
Codecademy/docs: content/javascript/concepts/setTimeout/setTimeout.md

Author: done

---
Title: 'setTimeout()'

> Description: 'Allows users to execute callbacks after a period of time expressed in milliseconds'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Allows users to execute callbacks after a period of time expressed in milliseconds.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Parameters'
  - 'Arguments'
CatalogContent:
  - 'introduction-to-javascript'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

**`setTimeout()`** is a function serviced globally by the window object provided by the user's browser.

## Syntax

> **`setTimeout()`** is capable of receiving multiple parameters where the first is a callback function, the second parameter receives a number that represents the time in milliseconds **(1s = 1000ms)**, that defines the time needed for the callback to execute, the third parameter onwards will be the parameters that the callback function would take in case arguments are defined within the callback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`setTimeout()` is capable of receiving multiple parameters where the first is a callback function, the second parameter receives a number that represents the time in milliseconds (1s = 1000ms), that defines the time needed for the callback to execute, the third parameter onwards will be the parameters that the callback function would take in case arguments are defined within the callback.
```
We only bold the first occurrence of the term.

The provided sample code contains some examples of how `setTimeout()` is composed:

```pseudo
setTimeout(callback)

setTimeout(callback, delay)

setTimeout(callback, delay, param)
```

## Examples

The following pieces of code will show some examples about the `setTimeout()` implementation:

```shell
// Defining the function
function sayHello() {
  console.log('Hello from Codecademy');
}

// Calling the function using setTimeout.
setTimeout(sayHello, 4000);
```

The output will be displayed after 4 seconds:

```output
Hello from Codecademy
```

## Example

> The following example can be done by using arrow functions, in which case, instead of declaring it using the word `function`, we can just create it by using `() =>`, for more information visit [arrow functions](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/arrow-functions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows the use of [arrow functions](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/arrow-functions). Instead of declaring it using the word `function`, we can just create it by using `() =>`.
```
Such references work better in-line.

```shell
// Defining the function
setTimeout(() => {

>   console.log('HelloWorld from Codecademy');

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  console.log('Hello World from Codecademy');
```

}, 2000);
```

The output from the arrow function will be displayed after 2 seconds:

```shell

> Helloworld from Codecademy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hello World from Codecademy
```

```

## Codebyte Example

> 

Reviewer: Have one sentence introducing the codebyte explaining what it does.

---
Title: 'setTimeout()'
Description: 'Allows users to execute callbacks after a period of time expressed in milliseconds.'
Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Parameters'
  - 'Arguments'
CatalogContent:
  - 'introduction-to-javascript'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> **`setTimeout()`** is a function serviced globally by the window object provided by the user's browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**`setTimeout()`** is a function serviced globally by the window object provided by the user's browser. It allows users to execute callbacks after a period of time expressed in milliseconds.
```
Information in the description should be in the first paragraph of the entry.

## Syntax

`setTimeout()` is capable of receiving multiple parameters where the first is a callback function, the second parameter receives a number that represents the time in milliseconds (1s = 1000ms), that defines the time needed for the callback to execute, the third parameter onwards will be the parameters that the callback function would take in case arguments are defined within the callback.

> The provided sample code contains some examples of how `setTimeout()` is composed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below are some examples of how `setTimeout()` is composed:
```

> `setTimeout()` is capable of receiving multiple parameters where the first is a callback function, the second parameter receives a number that represents the time in milliseconds (1s = 1000ms), that defines the time needed for the callback to execute, the third parameter onwards will be the parameters that the callback function would take in case arguments are defined within the callback.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`setTimeout()` is capable of receiving multiple parameters where the first is a callback function. The second parameter receives a number that represents the time in milliseconds (1s = 1000ms), which defines the time needed for the callback to execute. The third parameter onwards will be the parameters that the callback function would take in case arguments are defined within the callback.
```

```pseudo
setTimeout(callback)

setTimeout(callback, delay)

setTimeout(callback, delay, param)
```

## Example 1

> The following piece of code will shows an example of the `setTimeout()` implementation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows an example of the `setTimeout()` implementation:
```

> The following example shows an example of the `setTimeout()` implementation:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example uses the `setTimeout()` function to set a timer to execute the `sayHello()` function:
```

```shell
// Defining the function
function sayHello() {
  console.log('Hello from Codecademy');
}

// Calling the function using setTimeout.
setTimeout(sayHello, 4000);
```

The output will be displayed after 4 seconds:

```output
Hello from Codecademy
```

## Example 2

> The following example shows the use of [arrow functions](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/arrow-functions). Instead of declaring it using the word `function`, we can just create it by using `() =>`.

Reviewer 2: Avoid the use of pronouns like we, you, and us.
```suggestion
The following example uses [arrow functions](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/arrow-functions). Instead of declaring the function using the keyword `function`, it is created using `() =>`.
```

```shell
// Defining the function
setTimeout(() => {
  console.log('Hello World from Codecademy');
}, 2000);
```

The output from the arrow function will be displayed after 2 seconds:

```shell
Hello World from Codecademy
```

## Codebyte Example

> [Codebyte](https://help.codecademy.com/hc/en-us/articles/1260806285369-Codebytes) is way to easily write, share, and edit executable code blocks directly in the Codecademy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
You misunderstand. We don't need an explanation of what a codebyte is, we want an explanation of what the code in it does.
